Adds the Chocolatey package as a way to install ComicTagger (#355)
comictagger/comictagger: README.md

There are two optional dependencies GUI and CBR. You can install the optional dependencies by specifying one or more of `GUI`,`CBR` or `all` in braces e.g. `comictagger[CBR,GUI]`

### Chocolatey installation (Windows only)

> A [Chocolatey package](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/comictagger) is provided, you can install it with

Author: Hi @lordwelch,

Do you mean adding the information like so ?
```suggestion
A [Chocolatey package](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/comictagger), maintained by @Xav83, is provided, you can install it with:
```

> A [Chocolatey package](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/comictagger) is provided, you can install it with
> ```powershell
> choco install comictagger
> ```

Author: Hi @lordwelch,

Do you mean adding the information like so ?

```suggestion
A [Chocolatey package](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/comictagger), maintained by @Xav83, is provided, you can install it with:
```powershell
choco install comictagger
```
```

Reviewer: Yes
